(upbeat music playing)
Well, Texas has been fun,
but it's time
for this supervillain family
to hide out in some other
unsuspecting suburb.
Who's up for Sheboygan?
We can go wherever you want.
We just got to move quick.
I've done some things.
Why are we leaving now?
We have no choice.
We're not safe here
since Amy told Hartley
our secret.
Come on. Do you really think
she'd tell anyone?
We can't take that risk.
She tells one person
we're villains,
the authorities
will lock us up forever.
Oh, that's if Onyx
doesn't find us
and destroy us first.
I say we move to the beach
so I can scare some surfers
by shape shifting into a shark
or a man eating crab.
Either way,
I'm snacking on someone.
We can't leave.
We finally started
going to school
and I like it.
You know,
I'm the first student
at Valley View High
to be nominated
for Student of the Month
after being here
less than a month.
Oh, Jakey.
I don't know how you do it,
but you always find a way
to disappoint us.
I knew it! She ratted us out.
Save yourself!
It's just Hartley.
Oh, wow.
She really snuck up on us,
didn't she?
Good morning.
How are my favorite
supervillains?
Wait, wait, wait.
I was up all night
thinking about it.
And I have so many questions.
Have you met Captain Valor?
I heard his real name is Doug.
And what about Sparkle Girl?
I heard she smells like truth,
justice, and coconuts.
Hartley, we would love
to answer all your questions,
but just now's not really
the best time.
They're still,
kind of, processing
the fact that you know
our secret.
Oh, what's wrong?
Don't you trust me?
Of course we do.
In fact we trust you so much
we wanna lock you
in a medium sized box
and never let you out.
I'm gonna head out.
See you at school.
I can't believe
you don't trust Hartley.
She's a good person.
Yeah, a little too good
and honest.
It's gonna make it impossible
for her to keep our secret.
Now that I think about it,
Dad might be right.
Did you know she's never lied
to her grandmother ever?
(chuckles)
Well, that does it for me.
I can't trust anyone
that doesn't lie
to their own family.
Wait, does that mean
you lie to me?
(scoffs) No.
It would make it a lot easier
to trust her
if we had something
to hold over her.
That way, she'd be forced
to keep our secret.
Are you actually
suggesting blackmail?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hartley's my friend.
If anyone's gonna blackmail her,
it's gonna be me.
Yeah.
I was thinking maybe
someone else could do it.
Why?
Well, you did spill our secret.
And let's not forget
the whole Onyx thing.
What about the whole
"Onyx thing?"
You went to go fight
for your mother's promotion.
And now,
we're hiding out in Texas
making small talk with neighbors
named Kai.
Oh, so all of a sudden
everyone thinks
I'm the mess up of the family?
Not all of a sudden.
I've always thought that.
Mom, you don't think
I'm a mess up, do you?
No.
I can't believe this.
You're all wrong.
I'm gonna prove it.
I'm gonna blackmail Hartley.
No, of course you are.
Uh-hmm.
But just in case,
how about some of us also see
if we can dig up
some dirt on Hartley, hmm?
Thanks, Mom, but I've got this.
Yeah. But just in case.
Do you seriously think
I can't do something
as simple as
blackmailing Hartley?
It's just in case.
(theme music playing)
(rock music playing)
Okay. I've spotted the target.
Time for operation,
"Blackmail Hartley
and get my family
to trust me again."
Oh, I'm sorry.
Are you looking at me
like I'm weird?
Hey, Hartley,
didn't you and the Sunshine Club
have a carwash
to raise money
for a new water fountain?
Uh, yeah, we raised $500.
Well then why is the old
water fountain still here?
Where did all that money go,
Hartley?
What kind of water
fountain crimes
are you trying to pull here?
What are you talking about?
We had to give the money
to Kendall Rogers.
She was scrubbing headlights
at the carwash
and didn't move in time,
took a custom grille
right to the forehead.
Oh. (scoffs)
I kind of wish I had seen that.
But hey, being in charge
of all that money,
don't you ever wanna just
take off
and blow it all
on a tropical vacation?
Amy, what's going on?
Are you recording me?
Uh...
Dang, no!
I forgot to hit the button.
Let's go from the top.
Blackmailing Hartley's
gonna be tougher than I thought.
Well then maybe
you should let it go.
No way. I have to do it
so I can prove them
I'm not the failure
of our family.
That spot's clearly reserved
for you.
Um, excuse me,
I'm not a failure.
I just received three votes
for Student of the Month
from the Valley View High
Librarian Squad.
Okay. It seemed
a lot cooler in my head.
You know what?
I don't need to find something
to blackmail Hartley with.
I can just plant something
on her.
No, you can't.
Oh, relax. I'm not really gonna
get her in trouble.
I just have to plant
some evidence on her,
catch her on camera with it,
and then threaten
to get her in trouble.
I just got to remember
to hit record this time.
(upbeat music playing)
Okay. This is Hartley's room.
Are you sure Sealy is not home?
Positive.
She said she's competing
in a Backroom
Arm Wrestling Tournament.
Oh, oh, so that explains why
she was bench pressing Hartley
this morning.
Okay. Come on.
Let's see
if we can find something
to blackmail Hartley with.
I am hoping for a journal
full of juicy teen girl secrets.
What has my life become?
(gasps)
Holy pigsty!
This is usually
what the crime scene looks like
after we leave.
Someone's home.
I thought you said Sealy was
at an arm wrestling tournament.
She was.
Oh, wait, that's tomorrow.
Today she's home.
She's coming. Hide! Go!
-Let me in!
-There's no room.
But where am I supposed to go?
Go shape shift into something.
(grunts)
I really got to teach
this girl how to fold.
I've been looking everywhere
for this sweater.
Hartley must have brought it
without asking.
I just love the way
it hugs my body.
I missed you so much.
I might never take you off.
Well, if she's taking my son,
I'm gonna take this lamp.
(upbeat music playing)
Ooh, is that a new teacher?
I don't know.
All these old guys look alike.
Watch me go secure his vote
for Student of the Month.
Excuse me, sir.
(screams)
Hello, children.
What are you doing here?
I'm the new substitute
science teacher.
In what world are you qualified
to be a teacher?
In a world with photocopiers
and easily altered credentials.
Whatever. You're only here
because you don't think
I can blackmail Hartley
on my own.
Amy, that's insulting.
I also wanted to get away
from your mother.
Well, you're too late.
I already planted
another kid's homework
in Hartley's backpack.
Once I get her on camera
with it, I'll be good to go.
Oh, here she comes.
This is gonna be good.
Valerie, you lost your homework.
Good thing I found you in time.
Wouldn't want you
to get you an incomplete.
But it looks like
you're getting one.
Mr. Mayhem,
what are you doing here?
Profiting off the stupidity
of our youth.
He got hired as a sub.
So a former supervillain
is gonna mold
young innocent minds?
(chuckles)
What could possibly go wrong?
(alarm rings)
See ya.
Well,
I guess you couldn't
pull it off after all.
Why don't you let the mastermind
take it from here?
(laughs) No way.
I said I was gonna
finish the job
and that's exactly
what I'm gonna do,
so step aside.
No, you step aside.
Why don't we all step aside
and not make a scene
in the hallway, huh?
Student of the Month nominee
right here, remember?
Who am I kidding?
You're not gonna listen to me.
Keep fighting.
If it's competition you want,
game on.
Because I can definitely
blackmail Hartley better
than you can.
Really?
Well, it looks like
you just dove headfirst
into a father-daughter
blackmail showdown.
-Bring it!
-Oh, I will!
But first, I've got to go teach
a roomful of mouth breathers
how to make a battery
out of a potato.
(upbeat music playing)
(laughs)
So typical,
using another one
of your crazy devices
to get the job done.
Oh, does that thing
take potato batteries?
I'm scanning
Hartley's fingerprints
to plant on the principal's car
which I will then
be pushing off a cliff.
Looks like you've lost this one,
little lady.
(car alarms blaring)
Touche!
Hey, what are you doing?
Keep going. I just met her.
It's an improvement.
Go away!
I'm about to plant the evidence
in Hartley's hand.
Oh, don't let me stop you.
(laughs)
On second thought,
maybe I will stop you
by controlling your every move.
(laughs)
Don't mind me
just grading your tests.
Hey, Hartley,
can you hold my marker?
Well, that's a strange question,
but okay.
Amy, do you want me
to hold it or not?
Yes, take it.
Take the marker.
I'm trying!
Try harder!
Put a little leg into it!
(shrieks)
What do you want from me?
Ow!
Amy, you're acting weird.
Is there something
you wanna tell me?
Yeah.
That is the last time
I ask you to hold my marker.
Mastermind!
You gave me an F
on my science project?
I created a solar panel
out of banana leaves
that powered the entire school
for three days.
How could you fail me?
Same way I failed everyone else,
slowly and with great joy.
But a failing grade
will prevent me
from being Student of the Month.
I know. Bonus!
(sighs)
Failing his own son.
Oh, that's a new low.
Perhaps you should get even
by helping me frame Hartley
before he does.
No, Amy. I told you
my villain days are over.
I'm a better person now.
Even though Dad's over there
showing your failing grade
to the librarians?
Keep it. I made copies.
(laughs)
I'll be a better person later.
(upbeat music playing)
Celia. How lovely to see you.
Eh.
Can I take your sweater?
Nope. I run cold.
Oh, well, we know that.
Let's turn the heat up
a couple degrees.
A couple hundred degrees.
(electricity zaps)
I'm gonna get you back.
What did you say?
I said,
I am gonna scratch your back.
(chuckles)
Well, don't stop now.
Oh.
How high did you turn
that thermostat?
It's like an oven in here.
Oh, well,
let me just take your sweater.
No, no, no.
That's the great thing
about alpaca,
just soaks in the sweat.
So what are we having for lunch?
Lunch? Oh, right.
We are having, oh...
a pack of hot dogs...
(giggles)
left behind
by the previous tenants.
Are you sure
I can't take your sweater?
Don't touch the alpaca.
Oh, what would you like
on your hotdogs?
We have ketchup or...
-Oh, perhaps a little mustard.
-(gasps)
No!
You ruined my sweater!
No. No, no, no, no, no.
I just need to clean it.
(chuckles) Hand it over.
I will have it
looking new in no time.
You better.
I'm gonna wear it
to the steakhouse tonight.
Got to protein load before
my arm wrestling tournament.
Fun never ends with you,
does it, Celia?
You just get this cleaned.
And I'm taking my lunch to go.
(grunts)
How do you have mustard
all over your face?
Because when you swatter
something on me
while I'm in one form,
it sticks with me
when I shape shift back.
Oh, well, that's fun.
(upbeat music playing)
(sighs) Okay. We've got to find
a way to blackmail Hartley
before Dad does.
What are you doing?
Writing her an apology note
for whatever we're about to do.
Just because we're blackmailing
her doesn't mean
we can't be polite.
See, this is why we tried
to leave you at that truck stop.
Keep thinking. I'm gonna go
brainstorm on my own for a bit.
(screams)
What do you think you're doing?
Since you crushed my dream
of becoming student
of the month,
I'm helping Amy beat you
at your blackmail game.
You've turned
on your own father?
Yup.
And since you betrayed your son,
it's time for you
to pay the price.
Jump ship. I'll give you an A.
(indistinct) let's do this.
(upbeat music playing)
(sighs) Well, I finally got
all the mustard out of my eyes
and a few other crevices
where mustard should never be.
-(chuckles)
-(knock on door)
EVA: Celia is here.
How do you feel
about taking a hit
for the family
and riding on Celia's back
for the rest of your life?
No.
Okay.
(sighs) Then at least shape
shift back into the sweater
until I can stall her.
Fine.
Oh.
COLBY: No. Don't you do it!
Quiet, sweater!
(knock on door)
Come in.
I brought your hotdogs back.
At least the green ones.
Almost done.
The mustard stains
are tough to get out.
-(Colby grunting)
-(grunting)
COLBY: No!
Hurry up. I need that sweater.
(sighs)
(grunts)
I don't get it. How are you wet?
Why don't you jump in the sink
and I'll explain it to you?
(upbeat music playing)
Jake, where have you been?
-I have a plan.
-Oh, you save your breath.
You thought you were so clever
getting your brother
to help you.
But I flipped him so now
he's helping me beat you.
Ha!
He used his super strength
to rip the head
off the school's mascot statue
and put it in Hartley's locker.
That's right. We went big.
-That's not that big.
-It's big enough.
And once we get Hartley
on camera,
she's gonna have
to keep our secret
and you are gonna have
to bow down
before your evil genius Daddy.
Still trying to make
that one stick, huh?
Guys, did you hear?
Someone cut off the head
of the eagle mascot.
And the police are here
to investigate.
Listen up.
Your vice principal
called me here
because someone vandalized
school property.
And when I find out who it was,
the culprit will be arrested.
We were only supposed to frame
Hartley not get her arrested.
Uh-hmm. And if she goes down,
they're gonna start asking her
all sorts of questions,
which means it's only
a matter of time
until she says too much
and spills our secret.
Don't look at me.
I wanted to move to Sheboygan.
(upbeat music playing)
(sighs) We to get that eagle
head out of Hartley's locker
before that officer finds it.
Look, as long as the officer
doesn't go near her locker,
we're good.
Heads up.
I'm searching your lockers.
Well, that was bad timing.
You can start with mine,
officer.
I have nothing to hide.
Uh, no. Wait.
You can't go in there,
locker termites.
They're real.
Ask the science teacher.
I don't know
any of these people.
Young man,
step away from that locker.
Wait, officer,
this is a violation
of our student rights.
I mean to think
that you would insinuate
that innocent Hartley here
would steal the...
eagle head that is not in there,
I think we are done.
Have a nice day.
You're clear.
What just happened?
You tell me.
I thought you said you...
Hid the eagle head
inside my locker?
Wait.
-No way.
-You knew?
Of course I knew.
It was pretty obvious.
You becoming substitute teacher,
Amy doing her weird
marker dance.
I gave you the chance
to come clean
and you still wanted
to blackmail me.
So I figured
I had to teach you a lesson.
I moved the eagle head
out of my locker hours ago.
Whoa. I can't believe
you played us like that.
You gave me no choice.
I just don't understand
why you wanted to blackmail me.
I'm a good person.
And when I say you can trust me,
I mean it.
I trusted you.
I'm actually the victim here.
They lured me in,
which means
I'm still a good person, right?
You vandalized school property
just to be Student of the Month.
So is that a yes?
More of a, "You better fix
that statute quick."
And from here on out,
you're all gonna start
trusting me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on there, missy.
You can't just waltz in here
and twist my arm.
Well, I do know your secret
and I'm pretty sure you don't
want me to tell anyone, so...
Welcome to the family.
(upbeat music playing)
Oh, don't even get me started
about Octogal.
She once tentacled me so hard
I couldn't sit down
for eight days.
I'm sorry. What was this?
Oh, we're just hanging
with our new bestie, Hartley.
Do whatever the girl says.
Hey, isn't that Celia's sweater?
The one we've been
looking for everywhere?
Oh, it certainly is.
I only borrowed it
for a few days. But then...
Wait, why do you care
about my grandma's sweater?
This isn't about us.
This is about you.
I was gonna put it back
but there was a loose thread
so I pulled it.
And once I started pulling it,
I couldn't stop.
Then this happened.
And there's my blackmail.
Ha!
You're not gonna beat
an evil genius.
Hello, police department.
Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You know, for a girl
who doesn't like blackmail,
-she's really good at it.
-Yeah.
This is a Hartley
I can rock with.
Okay. I think we're done
with the blackmailing.
So, Hartley,
if you promise
to keep our secret,
I think we can help you out
with the sweater.
It's so clean.
I'm gonna start having you
wash all my clothes.
Oh. Oh.
There seems to be a bit
of fuzz there.
That's not fuzz.
It's just a loose thread.
(gasps)
Oh, no.
How am I supposed to fix this?
(sighs) Come on.
I got thread in the kitchen.
Yes, she took the bait.
You know, I'm really starting
to see the upside
of having a brother
who shape shifts.
COLBY: Ow!
Quiet, sweater.
Quick, give me the sweater
that you ripped.
There, now you're off the hook.
Celia will think she ruined it.
I can't believe
I'm deceiving my grandma.
I have never done that. Ever.
Would you rather see
what happens
when she finds out
you ruined her sweater?
Uh, no.
Yay! You're learning.
I am so done being a sweater.
What?
(chuckles)
(both chuckle)
(screams)
-(knock on door)
-HARTLEY: Come in.
Holy pigsty!
Is your room always this messy?
Messy? I just cleaned it.
You know, I gotta say,
you kind of impressed me today.
I impressed myself.
I mean, who would have thought
I could outsmart a family
of supervillains? (chuckles)
Yeah, you got us pretty good.
(chuckles)
You do realize that family
of supervillains is at home
right now trying to plot
their revenge, right?
Oh, I think
they learned their lesson.
Didn't they?
Sure they did. (chuckles)
Good.
Amy, you're not gonna
try and get even with me,
are you?
No.
(scoffs) I gotta go.
I'll see you in your sleep.
I mean, I'll see you at school.
Amy?
Amy!